JAMES-3944 Implement sender rewrites for Forwards (#1750)
apache/james-project: server/apps/distributed-app/docs/modules/ROOT/partials/RecipientRewriteTable.adoc

 <mailet match="All" class="RecipientRewriteTable">
   <errorProcessor>rrt-errors</errorProcessor>
 </mailet>
....

> The *rewriteSenderUponForward* option (fault to true) can be used to prevent senders to be rewritten upon forwards in the transport enveloppe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *rewriteSenderUponForward* option (default to true) can be used to prevent senders to be rewritten upon forwards in the transport envelope
```
